residentsleeper residentsleeper residentsleeper
she doesn't know
she lacks the critical information
jebaited
malding
imagine donating to this smh
you mad?
Hi Coco, I just got paid today. I know $50 isn't that much but I just wanted to show you how much I support you. Hopefully I'll have more money for you next paycheck
NEVER SUBBED NEVER DONATED ADBLOCK ON STOLEN LAPTOP NEIGHBOURS WIFI MOMMAS HOUSE FREE ENTERTAINMENT
Am I the only one speaking English here?
Just a English comment passing by
Hi everyone Hello from DPRK
Good afternoon my fellow Canadian friends
Anyone from Singapore?
What is this stream about?
When will the stream start?
Shhhhhit im late when did the stream start?
Can you guys see my chat?
Laaaaaaagggggg
Not lagging here what are you talking about
Im using firefox perfectly fine on my device
:buffering: :buffering: :buffering: :buffering: :buffering: :buffering: :buffering: :buffering:
/darkmode
/pictureinpicture
/playinbackground
When will she play Apex?
STOP SPAMMING
READ THE DESCRIPTION ITS RIGHT THERE
Hey bro what happend
Coco doesn't need to apologize.She's the TOP of Hololive.
What happend to coco.she is innocent
stop using shitty japanese
Japan is obviously a puppet of the United States. Why doesn't she speak English?
Coco made a historical step in Hololive family - For being the fisrt one to bring disagreement in family members.
Someone says Coco is the top of Hololive. Well, she did say that.
Hololive family comes with two vital participants - FBK who built the family, and Coco who ruined the family.
YAGOO will never blame on Coco, not for her importance, but sicken of what she did. We all knew why Coco would join Hololive in the first place, she's the one who made YAGOO in ICU.
Coco becoming famous brings Vtuber viewers delights, no more annoying fans for others now.
I don't care whether she did anything when Aloe was bullied by JP fans, Towa never got anything from her when the same thing happened anyway.
You new fans might never saw what "A dragon with a sense of justice that values justice and decency" in her bio means, we old fans neither. That doesn't matters at all, she can still be the top idol in the world.
Coco sees herself in our cute shaaaaark, too many this kind of Vtubers slowed down her subs growth. a
There has been a rumor that Coco mentioned Taiwan as a country when she was green-eyed of her collegues' earnings in China. To clarify, that's true.
Coco became a hit in the whole western world when Coco simps WASP. Just wondering who this Coco is.
It's said Coco's subs only get a few value. Well, she failed to leech any value from her colleagues that is.
NIJISANJI would have been disbanded if Coco debuted there.
Coco's debut was celebrated by all Vtuber fans, as Hololive finally got weaknesses this time.
Someone says Coco being world's biggest superchat earner is was willingly accepted by others. It's true, nobody disagreed when being extorted.
She did pretend to be a Japanese beginner, but she has never been hypocritical on treating you guys as her credit cards.
VOTE TRUMP
vote biden
vote for ABE SHIZO
Are you Japanese?
Can you speak English?
I don't speak Japanese
Can someone translate this?
Why can't I turn on the captions?
What game is this?
Is she an AI or real person?
No English! Go watch Hololive English you white trash
Coco is much funnier than Gawr Gura.
All Gura fans are pedos.
Black Lives Matter!
I CAN'T BREATH
Do you support Muslims Coco?
Holocaust is a hoax. Hololive is real.
lets support coco in the following three weeks and free her from that
F**KING ASSLICKING company. also we should let cover corp and Chinese
KNOW that there are someone who ALWAYS support her!
He's an impostor! Let's vote him out.
みんなさん安心してください もうねぇ あの 失うもの う～し～な～う～も～の～ 失うものなし 無し！！
もうわたし失うものないんで あの～初期ココニッ戻ります
もう収益化も捨てて 世界一になったんで もう世界一取ったっていう実績あるんで
もうあの 要らないっす
収益化バイバイ 友達バイバイ 事務所バイバイ クビになってもいいし もうどうでも
いいやって ヤッターーー好き放題やらせて貰う そっ無敵な人になろうっ
失うもの う～し～な～う～も～の～ 失うものなし 無し！！
もう失うものないんで 初期ココニッ戻ります
もう世界一取ったっていう実績あるんでもう要らないっす
収益化バイバイ 友達バイバイ 事務所バイバイ クビになってもいいし もうどうでも
いいや——無敵な人
